and then the beauty of the flower is used with
another video for you guys
today I'm back with gta5 and in that
video I'll show you here how's it going?
You can get some weapons.
in the game is very simple.
galley is not a box bug here
What makes some misses do?
a medical mission within the g8 and
layoffs
Can you get these weapons?
It's very simple first, I'll come back
to show you here how to get
Molotov for a lot of people knows how to handle
on top but yes but do not know
to worry
showing how to take this new toque
First of all, I advise you
stay as soon as you do not stay in the
middle of the street so be very old
This is because you will see the
oligarch equipment or adr of the following
way to adr
he joking
the first one here,
ammunition
only I just got the guys
just stuck
another that will have to wait for ten
seconds what was it already passed
time was there and I already did
I called you team first to detect a
little in the league have to wait a while
from the mission guys will come a plane looks at you
coming from copies
the plane is an airplane an airplane is going
to overthrow you and tell you
stay in the middle of the streets
the number is very close to that of houses and
no buildings can happen even in the building
of the school of the building they are never
taking the mention of the then done it
Are you ready to go with the Molotov guys?
here o
do not have three molotov it's just you
have fun there is a time like that
You can keep calling all the time first to
date you have to wait a bit
new activity is very little but it is
Cool, have fun, and so
let's go to the other
So, people, we are here. We are here.
on a break, I'll teach you there
how you managed to catch the cool
hammer hammer those kingara that
it takes two years to load and the
Throw the rocket is pretty easy to jazz
capture for you to download enter the goal
in the video description below capture
just to make up the models and models and talk only
that that shotgun and the end
of war and that flamethrower does not have
like crazy
if you change the section it will disappear
I do not know why but martel you can
catch your mouth to see you then
O will get these guys O father here you get
a guy that I like in style or color
here and they will take the step if you
You can see the forró here.
It's time I already got the
The research weapon can then take
Sometimes you just catch it, you only
killed those caroli that the
access to this policy
Alex, only you can get the one you can not
Take it because I already have it, then only you.
kill him
and some of them will change a screen
also remembering what you need to call
friends in the room and will not have to
you report accurate capture of
more and more people at least one
Just music, if you kill him, pick him up.
things he will bring the paulo
so let's go to the next one
So let's vote here like you do.
Can you see the guys watch me get sex?
but such an order that I took the gun here
only if I change the section they will
climb
I do not know why it goes up because I do not know if
I had this brand of model that the
I already have walls, but I bought it.
This group yesterday on the day of
independence in the United States is
so for those who do not know
yesterday a new thing arrived there is and today
It's no longer on the day of
independence that these things well
So I bought yesterday not for anyone who does not
got to get things there yesterday had
money or why not because
You did not even know the day.
So here's the tip, you gotta get these
vagas so now you vote for
How do you guys get it?
baseball bat and the balance of
cabal
then you will see that the services
cypress services something in this
fifth mission here
and without it and you also need to call
your friends to samarco - I think one
person will start a service called
here the colleague so people are here
I called my friends here and we go.
that the last survivor is
the following for you to get the tacutacu
three of the flight or try to remember that the
shakira that grabs
I think I needed to travel.
let's go there
here is so so I thought what the
baseball bat is it's just that I've
I had applied because I caught again
and to find the crowbar a foot of
goat that should be here
the people to get a goat foot you
they got the crowbar
it will be here on the map are also
you try to straighten out what 's there if
They can see I've got the taco
baseball
only he soon managed to call himself his
friends, because if someone picks it up already
it was late for everyone who is new
to be able to pick up again then're guys
I hope you like the video
so here will help it to register
I spoke to the house there.